[Silence.]
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's a fellow who rides high in the saddle, a big man and a fine actor, George Montgomery.
Well, hello there, Smokey.
Say, Smokey, when are you going to do something about these range fires that we've been having?
You know, it seems to me that they're just as important to keep these wildfires off the range as it is to keep them out of the woods and forest.
Well, you know, I've seen thousands of acres of good grassland go up in smoke just because someone was careless with a match or a cigarette.
You know, fire doesn't respect anything once it gets going.
I've known range fires to kill livestock, destroy supplies of hay and grain, burn down ranch buildings, or even take human lives.
You know, you'd think that folks would be a lot more careful, wouldn't you?
Well, what's your answer to that, Smokey?
You've just given it, Mr. Montgomery.
Folks have got to be more careful with fire outdoors.
Now the boys here have a song for you.
Go ahead, Lloyd.
Here's a little reminder of the days when you rode the range.
All right, boys, let's yippee-yi, yippee-yo.
I was born to the saddle.
I'll die punching cattle, I know.
Yippee-i, yippee-oh, yippee-oh.
I'll roam on forever.
My home is wherever I go.
Yippee-i, yippee-oh, yippee-oh.
If the grass gets too short and the water hose dry, I'll stay in the saddle and root hog or die.
I'm heading my pony for old Arizona goodbye.
Yippee-i, yippee-oh, yippee-oh.
I was born to the saddle.
I'll ride till I die.
The night heard the cattle way up in the sky.
When the last trail is traveled, it won't matter then.
I'll live in the memory of places I've been.
Yippee-yi, yippee-yo, yippee-yo.
I was born to the saddle.
I'll die punching cattle, I know.
Yippee-yi, yippee-yo, yippee-yo.
I'll roam on forever.
My home is wherever I go.
Yippee-yi, yippee-yo, yippee-yo.
If the grass gets too short and the water holds right, I'll stay in the saddle and root hog or die.
I'm heading my pony for old Arizona goodbye.
Now you take the cities with mansions and homes, all crowded together with no room to roam.
And I'll take the ranges, the tall prairie hay, and mountains a hundred and ten miles away.
Yippee-i, yippee-o, yippee-o.
I was born to the saddle, I'll die punchin' cattle, I know.
I'll roam on forever, my home is wherever I go.
Yippee-i, yippee-o.
If the grass gets too short and the water holds dry, I'll stay in the saddle and root hog or die.
I'm head my pony for old Arizona goodbye.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
So, until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the sons of the pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and range fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]